hi there Leah from Lucy and Lou what I'd
like to show you now is the double knot
what I love about this fabric that we
use in the Luciano collection is not
only are they amazing colors and so
beautiful and soft to wear but you can
wrap it you can pull it you can twist it
you can do anything you want to it and
you're not going to harm it this stuff
is really surprisingly resilient for
something that's really so soft so what
we're going to do it's just basically
tie a knot
at the top
same on the other side as well
now you can choose the different lengths
of your own of your bust area if you'd
like to wear it a little more baggy you
can do that you can wear it nice and
baggy and tie it tie it nice and tight
but tight at the bottom you can wear
your knot high which will give you a
little bit more coverage and a little
bit more support just depending on your
bust size and how much you want to
reveal I'm just going to tie these all
the way down the bottom I'm going to do
a simple to twist at the back wrap to
the front and I tie the back
so again you can wear it nice and low if
you would like or for a bit more support
and coverage
and the bottom we can fan out as well if
you would like to fan it out just that
little bit more
okay getsu you happy and then you have
the devil not